journald: add examples to show user journal logs (#297)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/setup/customization/adding-users.md

      groups: [ sudo, docker ]
```

> Alternatively, you can use [systemd-userdb](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-userdbd.service.html) to define membership. Here's the same example with userdb:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `usermod` does not work to add a user to a predefined system group, you can use [systemd-userdb](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-userdbd.service.html) to define membership. Here's the same example with userdb:
```
